Article 1 Summary:
An AI system called Mia spotted a six-millimetre patch of subtly-off shades of grey. It was stage 2 cancer. Had it not been spotted at that point and removed, it would not have been caught until Barbara came in for her next routine screen.

Article 2 Summary:
Our weekly newsletter with insights and intelligence from across the firm. Text: By submitting this information, you agree to receive marketing emails from Goldman Sachs and accept our privacy policy. You can opt-out at any time. Click here for more information.

Article 3 Summary:
Artificial intelligence (AI) has become ubiquitous in the healthcare industry. Despite its potential to unlock new insights, AI may bring considerable threats of privacy problems, ethical concerns, and medical errors. Balancing the risks and rewards of AI in healthcare will require a collaborative effort from technology developers, regulators, end-users, and consumers.

Article 4 Summary:
Artificial intelligence (AI) is currently one of the hottest buzzwords in tech. Experts regard artificial intelligence as a factor of production, which has the potential to introduce new sources of growth and change the way work is done across industries. China and the United States are primed to benefit the most from the coming AI boom.

Article 5 Summary:
Artificial intelligence (AI) can help usher in a new era of human resource management. Data analytics, machine learning and automation can work together to save people time and support higher-quality outcomes. 40% of their workforce will need to reskill as a result of implementing AI and automation.

Article 6 Summary:
Statista R identifies and awards industry leaders, top providers, and exceptional brands through exclusive rankings and top lists. We combine expertise in research, strategy, and marketing communications to deliver comprehensive solutions. Statista+ offers additional, data-driven services, tailored to your specific needs.

Article 7 Summary:
Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning is transforming our customer’s mission and our own business. Our customers have a need for AI-driven tools that increase decision speed & improve decision quality. Lockheed Martin infuses AI into our business and product lines by lowering the barrier-to-entry for AI adoption.

Article 8 Summary:
Artificial intelligence (AI) in finance is the use of technology to analyze data, automate tasks and improve decision-making in the financial services industry. AI is modernizing the financial industry by automating traditionally manual banking processes. It enables a better understanding of financial markets and creating ways to engage customers that mimic human intelligence.

Article 9 Summary:
The top AI companies are leading the way in developing and deploying cutting-edge artificial intelligence applications across nearly every sector. Google is a pioneer in AI development and application with strong AI integration across its products and services. Hugging Face is a worldwide company known for work in NLP and its main focus is on open-source tools and libraries.

Article 10 Summary:
Rashi Maheshwari is a former Deputy Editor for Forbes Advisor India. She believes that AI has all the ability to surpass human intelligence and can perform any particular task much accurately and efficiently. However, anything in excess is not good and nothing can be matched at par with the human brain.

